
1
___________________________
ar 14 Managing all then
[Ef : n lac £>u th page.]
o.O importance, the strops
air] submitting as sub
to restrain the disorderly and licen-
tious fM» intrusions into theh- cuun-
trv, from encroacliiiienis on their
l iads, and from those acts of Violence
which were ofien attended by recip-
rocal murder. Thri Indians perceiv-
ed in this protectee, only; what was
b w.efiquil to theuAlve^,-*ah enga^fl
meat to punish uggressisons on them.
I-; involved practically no claim to
•their lands, on dominion river «heiA
persons. It merely boup’l the nation
to the British crown, as a- dependant
ally, cl limingr the ecti.in of a
po verful friehTand neighbor, and re-
ceiving the advantages of that protec-
ts s, without involving a Offender of
To construe the expression, “man-
aging all their affairs,” intij a surren-
der of sdtf-govertHaer.-, would be,
Me think, a porVv'rsi.uh of their neces-
sary meaning, and a departure from
the construe'io;,, which has been uni-
formly put (v, them. The great sub-
ject of the ail ide is the Indian trade.
•■able .hat Cong ress should possess it.
T^p Commissioners, brought forward
the claim, with the profession that
true meaning of the
s .-rse in wiiicb it was made. Nei-
i;ior tiie British govornnioat, nor the
Ciu-uk ’Rs, ever understood it other-
s' .-> same stipulation, entered into
tvitil the United States, is undoubted-
ly to be eoastrueJ in fie same m in-
ner. They receive the Cherokee
nat!- i into their favor and protection.
The Cherokees acknowledge them-
selves to. be, under the protecitCU of
the UqiteJ States, and of no other
F ver. Protection does not imply
the destruction of the protected. —
The manner jn which this stipulation
was understood by the American gov-
ernment, is explained by the iapguage.
and yvs of our first President.
The fourth article draws the boun-
dary between the Lidinas and the cit
ikeus of tM United States. Bat, in
describing tms boundary, the terin
“allotted,” and the term “hunting
ground” are used.
, Is it reasonable to suppose, that th
iy were not critical judges of our lan-
guage should distinguish the .word
“allotted” !rom the words “inaijtcd

U med’s X

b i snp.ris.'d that ihpy might not uii-
de' -.ai'id the term employed, as in.li-
V<’■ fioi no other sigmhcailoa
tv'i.-c.h is not conceded, its b.eiug tuts-,
u * I 'i JO'sKis so apparent, results s<»
necessarily from the whole trans > '-
fcc.lv cqujrS'ipulatloii foD^ie surlen-
der of prkL.rs,
'r"'P ’j article declares, that
ey bet ween the United
comfort of the Indians, and the pre-
vention of injuries or oppressions.”
Thick may be true, as Pesp%c('s“'th^
regulation Of their trad.’’, and as re-
spects the regulation of all affairs con-
nected with their trade, bat cannot
be true, as respects the management
of all their affairs. The most impor-
tant of these, is the cession of their
lands, and security against intruders
oi them. Is it credible, that they
could have considered themselves as
surrendering to* the United States the
right to dictate their future cessions,
and the terms bn which they should be
made? or to compel their submission
to the violence of disorderly and li-
centious intruders? It is equally
inconceivable that they could have
supposed themsclv s, by a phrase
uJns slipped into-.an article, on anoth-
respect io the words
_ o lids” Hunting was"!
that time the principal occupation of
the Indians, and their land was more
used for that purpose than for any
other. It could not, however, be
supposed, that any intention existed
of restricting the full use of the lands
Soi
States and i
ginntng.” &c. We
‘allotments”
” A boundary is
hear no mo
ilAnting?;
described, ptwe’en nation and nation,
by mutnC'consent. The national
character oj e a <• h. the abili y of each,
to establiakt!iir”'botmdary, is ae-
nlat'M of-their cpnd^B^fett the dis-
c h a rgesn heir du lie s
This - act avowedly contemplates
preser vaiioujol the Indian'nations ns
an object 'sought Tiy the United
Slates, & proposes to eifect this ob
ject by civilizing and converting them
from hunters into agficuitorists.—
. Tlbsugli the Cherokees bad already
or ol made considerable progress io this
.treaties ^nd of regulating commarco
with fdfeign nations, ; nd among the
several Stows, and the thd Indian
tribes. These powers comprehend
all .that is required for the regulation,
of Our intercourse with the Indncsi
disputes il ls agree'!
nl;'’inl‘y 'marked by'
that the general words of the act
comprehend them. Their advance
in the “habits of civilization,” i at her
encouraged perseverance in the lau-
dable exertions still farther to meli-
orate their condition. This act fur
nrshes strong additional evidence of
dom’nissicnw« to he appointed- by | a settled purpose to fix the Indians
each party; ind in onler to extinguish
forever all claim of the Cherokees to
the ceded Iritis, an additional consid-
eration is to kspaid by the United S
For this additional cimsideration the
Cherokees release all right to the ce-
ded land, foraver.
By the fifth article, the. Cherokees
allow tire U. States a road through
(heir country; and the navigation of
the Tennessee River. The accept-
ance of these’cssu>ns is an acknowl-
ilidependenl
govern men!
ent authori
tration of t
ent day, m
considered
govetnuien
pnd prOtei
The Ch
Uon's on their free actions. The
shackles imposed on this power in
j the goiifederation, are discarded.
1 The Indian nations had always been
[considered aS- distinct, indepetidant
j political communilfe^ retaining.,their--
i original natural tights, aS the indis-
puted possessors of the soil.- from,
time immemorial, with the single ex-
ception of that imposed by irresisti-
ble power, which excludes tbaim W
from intercourse willfany other E.i-
ropean potentate than’the first dis-
coverer of the coasf of the particu-
lar region claimed?'and'this was a ■
restriction which these European
potentates imposed on themselves, as.
well as on the Indians. The very
term “nation,” so generally ap\ried
to them, means “a Poop.’? disttpeb-
frotn others.” The constitutipff b-v.'
declaring treaties already made, >>4 •
well as those to oe made, to be tho;
supreme law of the land, lias adopted*
and sanctioned the previous treaties:'
with the Indian nations, and, conse-
quently, admits their rank among
those powers who arc capable of fna-.
rateiy dest
of Georgia
which the
K of the Ch<
e^uformitj
the acts o
tercourse
and this m
and taws,
of the Un
rily at home.
The treaties and laws of the Uni-
ted States contemplate the Indian
territory as completely separated
from that of any States; and provide
that all intercourse, with them shall
be carried ones' lusively by the Gov-
ernment of the Union.
Is this me rightful exercise of pow-
er, or is it usurpation?
While-these States were colonies,
- r. in its utmost extent, was
admitted to reside in the crown.—
When our Revolutionary struggle
commenced, Congress was composed
of an assemblage of deputies, acting
under specific powers granted by the
Legislatures, or convention of the
__________ ____________ , several colonies. It was a great pop-
'____'. x- | tilar movements not perfectly organ-
's'!w observii/ion may be fixed, nor were the respective pow-
__________________ era m those who were entrusted w ith
edgment of the right »f the Cher okees this power,
(be part of the Cherokees, that the
United States shall have the sole and
exclusive right of regulating their
| trad?. No claim is mln de to the;
“th :mgement of all thiiir affairs.” ’
The stipulation.has already been ex
roprated, ti.at the slipnlaf ion isAGelf
an. admisst.uvd' (heir, right,
C sei-j-WbArticle, the United v *'i >. produce
olem||ly guaranty to the Cher- th:
connected with trade. Such a tneas-
:ro could not he “for their benefit
and cornfort.,” or for ”the prevention
o: injuries and oppression.” Socha
construction would be inconsistent
with the spirit of this and of all sub
sequent treaties: especially of those
articles which recognize the right of
the Cherokees to declare hostilities,
and to make war It would convert
a treaty of,peace cqnvertly .into an
>,-t, annihilating the political existence
of one of the parties. Had such a.
resqlt been intended, ■ it would have
been openly avowed.
This treaty contains a few terms
capable of being used in a sense which,
could not have been intended at the
time, and which is eonsisent with the
practical construction . which lias al-
ways been put upon them; but its es-
sential articles treat .the Cherokees-i	n'atioM character of the
as a nation capable of mamtamingtno| Che[”kpeg?an(1 ^ir right of self-
relations of peace and war; and aseer- „oyernmen1; T1U8 guarantying their
I....between (hem and assl|^iqg ihe doty., of protec-
tion. and oLcaurse pledging the faith
-th- vnire<> cnares tor tnST jTTTtrct-
i tion, has beCrt frequently renewed,
iau	I and is now in ^nll force.
mid The Cherokee nation? 'the tieaty' To the g'licral pledged of protection
of Holston was negotiated, in July,; bar e been added several specific
1791. The existing Constitution of! pledges, deeded valuable by (he !'»• ■
sije United States had been then a-; dians. S'-mc of those restrain the
dopted, and dm Government, having I citizens of the United States from
more intrinsic capacity to enforce its: encroachments on the Che -okec couh-
jnst plaims, was perhaps less mind-1 try, and provide for the punishment of
fol of hi-k s5u"‘'I(qS expression deno-! intruders.
ting superiority, vr't fivar rid” more |. From the commencement of out
of’giving peace to the Cherokees. - j 9 T'Cnn’AnU Congress passed acts to
The mutual desire of establishing! regulate the and intercourse
permanent peace and frien ’ship, and; with the Indians, which iiC?t them as
of removing all causes of war, is hon- j nations,, respect . their rights, and
estly avowed, and, in pursuance of i.manifest a firm purpose to afford that
this desire, the first article declares,! protection which treaties stipulate,
(hat there shall be perpetual peace All these acts,.and especially that of
and friendship between all the citizens! 1802, which is,still, in force, manifest-
of the United Slates of America , and ! ly consider the several Indian nations
all the individuals composing the‘as distinct ..political Communities.
Cherokee nation.	I having territorial boundaries, within
The second article repeats the irn- which- their- ajitherity is exclusive,
portant acknowledgement, tliat the I and haying a ijght to all the lands
.Cherokee nation is under the protec- within these boundaries, which is not.
tion of the United Slates of America,
and of no other sovereign whatsoev-
and “nation,” arc words of our on «
language, selected in our diplomatic*
and legislative proceedings, by our-
selves, having such a -definite anti.
well understood meaning. Wc haves
under whi
prosecute
the judg
court rev
Jegislatio
-gislature
Uherokei
extra ter
jection, t
respeetei
this couri
But it go
S’ates sol.*.j-,*,..........■	■
oker notion iZ! their lands not hereby
ceded- ’ -I.
The eighth.article relinquishes to
the Cherokees any citizens of the U
ni’ed States who mav settle on their
lands, and ths ninth forbids any citi-
zen of the United States to hunt on
their lands, »r to enter their country
■ without a paxsport.
The remaiymg articles are equal,
and contain stipulations w hich would
be made on If with a nation admitted
to lie capable of ma (aging itself. .
This treaty, thus explicitly recog-
..'fat those measures which concerned
all. must be transacted by a body in
whicti the representatives of all were
assembled, and which could Command
relations of peace and war; and ascer-
tain the boundaries between them and I
the United States
accommodate the deferences still ex-!
all the powers of war and peace, and
Congress dissolved our connexion with
lh« mother country &■ declared these
United Colonies to be in de pendant
States. Without any written defini-
tion of powers, they empjoyeo diplo-
matic agents to represent th United
States at the several Courts of Eu-
rope; offered to negotiate treaties
with them, and did actually negotiate
treaties with France. From- the
same necessity, and on the same prin-
ciples, Congress assumed the man-
agement of Indian affairs; first in the
of tlloto Knitfrl CotoiliCS, 013'1
afterwards in the name of the Uni-
ted States. Early attempts were
made at negotiation, and to regulate
. t-uui-uincr options
earth. They' are 'applied to all in tire’
same sense.
Georgia, herself, ha's furnished con-,
elusive evidence that her former
opinions on this subject concurr- <1
with those entertained by her sister'
Stales, and by the Government of the.
United States. Various acts of I.er
Legislature have been cited in the .
argument, including the contract of*
cession made in the year 1802, all
tending to prove her acquiesce cc ii»
universal conviction, that the Indian '
nations possessed a full rig-ht to. th©
lands they occupied, until that right
should be extinguished by the United
States, w ith their consent; that their
teriitory was separated from that of*,
any State,* wiihin whose chartered-
limit- they might reside, by a boui>«.
dary lino, established by treaties.;
that1, within their boundary, they pos-
sessed rights with which »» Stat©
could interfere: and I bat the w !ird» '
power of regulating the intercom s© '
feet and
of Georg
astitiitipn,
hited Sta
relation e
ted State
the regal
the setth
lysars, iv



They
4
th.is imei
the i real
The f.
ofihe p!
To the United States, it could be
a matter of no concern, whether their
whole territory was devoted tohun’-
ing grounds, or whether an occasional
corn field, interrupted, and gave some
variety to the scene.
These terms had been used in ‘heir
treaties with Great Britain, and h d
never been misunderstood. They
bad never been supposed to imply a
light in the British government to
take theirjands, or to interfere with
.their internal government.
The 5th article withdraws the pro-
tection of the United States from any
citizen who has settled or shall set-
tle- on the lands allotted to the Indi-
ans. for their hunting grounds; and
stipulates that, if he shall not remove
within six months, the Indians may
punish him.
The 6th and 7th articles stipulate
for the punishment of the .citizens of
either country, who may commit of-
fences on or against the citizens of. UWMUOU tt„M	v.
the other. The only inference to be : ^f thy United 8tates in its p^rc-g., led j provetnent in the namts ana conn a; on
drawn from them is, that the United ! naturally to the declaration on the I ofsuch Indians^p'raQticable,, and,that
States considered the Cherokees as a pgpt of the Cherokees, that they - the means of insiruction, can be intro-
duced. with Lhtir own consent, to em-
pfoy’wrap ,ble yeisons of 'good moral
character, to-'instUiuet them in the
mode of; agriculture suited to .their
situation; and d'or teaching their chil-
dren in reading, writing, and arithme-
tic; and for jrc'forming suctr other in-
ing successful, war was cairied on
‘>nd,er the direction and with the for-
ces of the Uaheu States, and the ef-
forts to make peace by treaty were
earnest and incessant. The Cd..(| ?
eration found Congress in the exer-
cise of the same powers of peace and
war, in our.relations with Indian na-
tions, as with (hose of Europe. Such
was the state of things, when the con-
federation was adopted. That in
strument surrendered the powers of
peace and war to Congress, and pro-
hibited them to the States, respec-
tively, unless a State be actually in-
vaded, ‘for shall have received cer-
tain advice of tj resolution being form-
ed by some nation of Indians tn in
only acknowledged, but guarantied by
the United States.
In 1819, Congress passed an act
" g ithosd humane designs
_______...o the neighboring Indians,
which bad lot|g been cherished by
It enacts, “that for
The meaning of this has already been for promoting,
explained The Indian nations were,' of civilizing t
from theit situation, necessarily de-; i.;,;,;,
pendent on tome foreign potent: to for I t|le Executive. ...	______......
the. supply of their essential wants, j.the purpose of providing against the
and for their protection from lawless | further declinoiand final ext inct ion of’
and injurious intrusions into their coun- < ,he Indian tribes adjoining to the fron-
try. That Power was naturally ! tier settlements of the United Stales,
termed their protector. They had; at)(J f01* introdricing among them the
been arranged under the -protetian pl > fig-htts and artL of civilization, the
Great Britain; but the extinguishment. President of the United States shall
of the British power in their neigh- i he, and he is {hereby, authorized in
j borhood and the establishment of that | every case whirp he shall judge im-
'r-.-.-.'	... »i---’“-Ji provetnent in l*|plhabits and condition
so imminent as not to admit of delay
till the United States in congress as-
sembled can be consulted.” 'this
instrument also gave the right of
“regulating the trade and managing
all the affair.® with the Indians, not
members o! any of jhe States; Provid-
ed, That the legislative powei of any
State within its own limits be not in-
fringed or violated,”
The ambiguous phrtls’ex which fol-
low the grant of powe,” 1° 'be
United States, was so srf con-
strued by the States of North Ca roli-
na and Georgia, as to annul the po-wcw
itself. The discontents and confiisiXn >
resulting from these conflictingclaims?
prorliicejl representations.to Congress.
States. A review of those acts, >i»,
the part of Georgia, would occupy.'
too much time, and is the less neces-
sary, because they Iravt* been accu-
rately detailed in the argument
‘he bar. Her new series of jaws,
tuanitesSibg !.Tr abandonmem of these,1'
opinions, appears to !»SVS commerced;
in December 1828.
In opposition to this oi iginanal right
possessed by the undisputed occupants-'
of every country, to this recognition’
of that right, which is evidenced by .
our history, in every change through
which wc have passed, is placed the
charters granted by the monarch of
a distant and distinct region, parcel-
ling out a territory in possession of '
of hors v whom lie cdukl Not re rij QVC,,
and did not attempt to remove, and \
the cessions made of his claims by the
treaty of peace.
The actual state of things at the.
time, and all history since, explain
these charters; and the King of Great .
Britain, at the treaty of peace, souIdL
cede only whW belonged--to hiscrswfi’.' ’
These newly asserted'- titles can de-
rive no aid from the articles so offdn-
repeated in Indian treaties^ extend-
ing to them, first the, protection of
Great Britain, and afterwards that of“
the United States. These articles
are associated with others, recogni- ■
zing their title fro self government.—
The very fact of repeated’ treaties'
iipn mid
of the U
Will t
f'ueibly
■ <and t a k i i
the, Un
•• e l while

policy a<
ommend
law whi
pugnant
treaties
Lljadgm
none w<
of this c
Liberty,
-grace w
Tn - tile
' stitiitior
■ his prop
nation. •	-J were under the protect ion of t he
The 9tlr article is in	They assumed the relation with the
prevention of in-j United States which had before sub-1
juri s nr oppressions on the part of srsfed with Great Britain.
the citizens or Indians, 'the United; This relation was that of a Mt ion
8tat«r. in Gongress assembled, shall csaimiogaiid'receiving the protection
have the so!e and exclusive right of of one more powerful; not that of in*
regulat-ing the trade with the Indians,. dividuals abandoning their national
who made their report in 1787. The
report does not assent to the con-
struction of the two States, but re-
commends an recommodation, by lib-
eral cessions of Tenritory, or by an
admission on their part, of the pow-
ers claimed by Congress. The cor-
rect exposition of this article is ren-
dered unnecessary by the adontion of
.<iv; auu im-pejiermnig suvM o’hv ™-1 our existing construction. That in-
sVuction and mles as the President; strument confers on Congress the
m: j give and prescribe for the reg-: powers and war of peace; of making
t I A’ith them recognizes it; and (he* set*
ti’.ed doctrine of the law of nation's is,
that a weaker power docs not’ surren-
der i’fs Independence—its rtcht to
selfgove'ri ’Df'Rl! by aSsnci^ing wilh-
a stronger nnJ takin- its protection?
A weak state :n order to pro-yrne for
its safety, may x’1'acc
protection of one lUpre power,
out stripping itself ot.the right os T’0'"
eimmertt, and ceasing to be a Sta'e.. ’’
Examples of this kind arc .not want-,
ing in Europe. “Tributary ^prl'feud-
itory States, (says Vat tel,) do not
thereby cease to be sovereign and
' the judi
for the
A. W
penitent
that cot

