-------------------;--------------—Ithe soil, from the Atlantic to the
[From the first page.]------------i South Sea. This soil was occupied
difficult to comprehend the proposi-> by numerous and warlike nations, c-
lioii, that the inhabitants of either 1 qtially willing and able to defend
quarter of the globe could have right-i their jiossessions. The extravagant
ful original claims of dominion over j and absurd idea, that the feeble set-
the inhabitants of the other, or over I dements made on the sea coast, or
the lands they occupied: or that tbe j the companies under whom they were
discovery of either by the other should made acquired legitimate power by
give the discoverer rights in the coun-! them to g vein the people, or occu-
try discovered which annul the pre ex! py the lands from sea to sea, did not.
istuig rights of its ancient possessors, i enter the mind of any man. 'I hey
After lying concealed, for a series j were well understood to convey the
of ages, the enterprise of Europe, 1 title, which, according tc the com
guided by nautical science, conduct-1 mon law of European sovereigns re-
ed some of her adventurous sons into ' seeding America, they might right
this Western world. They found it fully convey, and no more. This was
in possession of a people who had the exclusive right of purchasing such ;
made small progress in agriculture or lands as the natives were willing to 1
m nufactures, and whose general ein- ■ sell. The crown could not be under-
stood to grant what the crown did 1
not affect to claim, nor was it so un j
de; stood.
The power of making war is con- 1
ferred by these charters on the colo- !
nies, but defensive war alone seems
to have been contemplated. In the 1
first charter to the first and second ;
colonies, they are empowered, “for 1
their several dejences to encounter, i
ex,pulse, repel, and resist, all per- ;
sons who shall, without license,” at- -
tempt to inhabit “within the said pre- 1
chiefs and limits of the said several 1
colonies, or that shall enterprize, or 1
attempt any at time hereafter, the
least detriment or anoyance of the said
several colonies or plantations.”
The charter to Connecticut con- 1
eludes a general power to make de- |
fensive war with these terms: “and
upon just causes to invade and destroy
the natives, or other enemies of the
said colony.”
The same power, in tbe same
words, is conferred on the Govern-
ment of Rhode Island.
This power to repel invasion, and.
upon just cause, to invade and destroy
the natives, authorizes offensive as
well as defensive war, but only “on
just cause.” The very terms imply
the existence of a country to be in-
vaded, and of an enemy who has given
just, cause of war.
The charter to William Penn con-
tains the following recital: “and be-
cause, in so remote a country, near
so many barbarous nations, the incur
sions, as well of the savages them-
selves as of other enemies, pirates,
and robbers, may probably be fear
ed, therefore we have given,” &c.
The instrument then confers the pow-
er of war.
These barbarous nations whose in-
cursions were feared, and to repel
whose incursions the-power to make
war was given, were surely not con-
sidered as the subjects of Penn, or
occupying his lands during his pleas -
The same clause is introduced
tv the charter to Lord Baltimore.
The charter to Georgia professes
. to be granted for the charitable pur-
pose 0^enabling poor subjects to gain
’ a comfortable subsistance by culti-
vating lands in the American provin-
. ces, “at present waste and desolate.”
. It recites, “and whereas our provin-
ces in North America have been fie-
. quently ravaged by thelndian enemies
more especially that of South Caroli-
na, which, in the late war, by the
. neighboring savages, was laid waste
bj firejand sword, and great numbers
i of the English inhabitants miserably
massacred; & our loving subjects who
•	now inhabit there, by reason of the
I smallness of their numbers, will, in
•	case of any new war. be exposed to
I the like calamities, inasmuch as their-
■ whole Southern frontier continued!
| unsettled, and Heth open to the said
’! savages.”
These motives for planting the
1 new colony, are incompatible with
the lofty ideas of granting the soil,
. and all its inhabitants, from sea to
sea. They demonstrate the truth,
. that these grants asserted a title a-
1 gainst Europeans only, and were con-
1 sidered as blank paper, so far as the
1 rights of the natives were concerned.
The power of war is given only for
! defence, not for conquest.
The charters contain passages,
showing one of their objects to be the
civilization of the Indians, and their
conversion to Christianity—objects
to be accomplished by conciliating
conduct, and good example; not by ex-
1 termination.
The actual state of things, and the
: practice of European nations, on so
1 much of tbe American continCtif as
lies between die Mississippi and the
Atlantic, explain their claims and the
charters they granted. They pre-
ploy me nt was war, hunting, & fishing, s
Did these adventurers, by sailing i
along the coast, and occasionally land- <
ing on it, acquire for the several Gov-
ernments to wnom they belonged, or I
by whom they were commissioned, i
a rightful property in the soil, from I
the Atlantic to the Pacific; or right- I
ful dominion over the numerous pen <
pie who occupied it? Or has nature, I
or the great Creator of all things, con- <
ferred their rights over hunters and t
fisherman, or agriculturists and man- I
ufacturers?'	'
But power, war, conquest, give <
rights which, after possession, are >
conceeded by the world, and which !
can never be controverted by those
on whom they descend. We proceed
then, to the actual state of things, 1
having glanced at their origin; because, i
holding it in our recollections, might '
shed some light on existing preten- i
The great maritime powers of Eu-
rope discovered and visited different '
parts of this contin nt at nearly the
Same time. The object was too im-
mense for any one , of 4them to
grasp the whole; and the claim-
ants were! too powerful to submit
to the exclusive or unreasonable pre-
tentions of any single potentate. To
avoid bloody conflicts, which might
terminate disastrously to all, it was .
necessary for the nations of Europe
to establish some principle which all
would acknowledge, and which should
decide their respective rights as be
tween themselves This principle,
suggested by the actual state of things,
was ‘that discovery gave title to the
Government by whose subjects or by
whose authority it was made against
all other European Governments,
which title might be consummated by
possession.”*
This principle, acknowledged by
all Europeans, because it was the
interest of all to acknowledge it, gave
to the nation making the discovery,
as its inevitable consequence, the
so’e right of acquiring the soil, and
making settlements on it. It was an
exclusive principle, which shut out
the right of competition among those
who had agreed to it; not one which
could annul the previous right's of
those who had not agreed to it. It
regulated the right given by discove-
ry m g the Eu rope an discoverers but
could not affect the rights of those
already in possession, either as abori-
ginal occupants, or as occupants by
virtue of a discovery made before
the memory of man. It gave the ex-
clusive right to purchase, but did not
found that right on a denial of the
right of the poss ssor to sell
The relation between the Euro-
peans and the natives was determined
in each case by the particular Gov-
ernment which asserted and could
maintain this pre-emptive privilege
in the particular place. The United
Spates succeeded to all the claims of
Gr at Britain, both territorial and
political;.but no attempt, so far as is
known, has been made to enlarge
them. So far as they existed mere-
ly in theory, or were in tliier nature
only exclusive of the claims of other
European nations, they still retain
their original character, and remain
dormant So far as they have been
practically exerted, they exist in fact,
are understood by both parties, are
asserted by the one, and admitted by
the other.
Soon after Great Britain determin-
ed on planting colonies in America,
the king granted charters to compa-
nies of his subjects, who associated
for tbe purpose of carrying the views
of the crown into effect, and of en-
riching themselves The first of these
charters- was made before possession
was taken of any part of the country.
Thev purport generally, to convey
""74 Wheaton, 578.
tensions unavoidably interfered with f “And we do further strictly enjoin’
each other; though the discovery of and require all persons whatever, wh
one was admitted by all to exclude have, either wilfully or inadvertently ’
the claim of any other, the extent of seated themselves upon any land-
that discovery was the subject of un- j within the countries above described--
ceasing contest. Bloody conflicts a- | or upon any other lands which, noi
'	... '	"’*■ *■	■ having been ceded to, or purchaser
by us. are still reserved to the sai>>
Indians, as aforesaid, forthwith to re-
move diemselves from such settle-
ceasing contest. L
rose between I hem, which gave im-
portance and lecurity to the neigh-
boring-? nations. Fierce and warlike
in their character, they might be for-
midable enemies, or affective friends.
Instead of rousng their resentments,
by asserting claims to their lands,
or to dominion-over their persons.
ing protessionsTtfTdpurchased by rtcB
presents. TherEnglisfi, the French,
and the Spaniards. Were equally
competitors, for their friendship and
heir aid. Not well acquainted with
the exact meaning of words, nor sup-
posing it to be material whether they'
were called the subjects, or the chil-
dren of their father in Europe; lav
•ah in professions of duty, and affec-
tion, in return fir the rich presents
they received; so long as their actu-
al independance was untouched, and
their right to self-government ac-
knowledged, they were willing to
pro’ess dependence on the Power
A proclamation, issued by Governor
Gage, in 1772, contains the following
passage: ‘"Whereas many persons,
contrary to the positive orders of the
King, upon this subject, have under-
taken to in, ke settlements beyond the
boundaries fixed by the treaties made
with ‘he Indian nations, which boun-
daries ought, to serve as a barrier
between the whites and the said na-
tions:” particularly on the Ouabaehe.
the proclamation orders such persons
to quit these countries without de--
Such was the policy of Great Bri-
tain towards the Indian nations inhab-
iting the territory from which she ex-
cluded all other Europeans; such her
claims, and such her practical expo-
scion of the charters she had granted:
she considered them as nations capa-
ble of maintaining the relations of
peace and wa,; of governing them-
selves, under her protection; and sue
made treaties with them, the obliga-
tion of which she acknowledged.
This was the settled state of things
when the war of our Revolution com-
menced. The influence of our ene-
my was established; her resources
enables her to keen up that influence:
-nd the colonists had much cause for
the apiHehensi'M that the Indian na-
tions would, as the allies of Great
they were in absolute need, and re-
strained dangerous intruders from en-
tering thiii country: and this was
probably rhe scuse in which tbe term
was understood by them.
Certain it is. that our history fur-
nishes nojexanipie, from the first set-
tlement of our. country, of any at-
tempt, on th* part of the frown, in
interefere wiin the internal affairs of
the Indians, farther than }o keep out
the agents, of foreign powers who. as
traders or others ise. mithtsed>*e
them into foreign alliances* The
King purchased their lands when they
were willing to sell, at a price they
were w illing to takejbut never oner
ced a surrender of,them.Demise pur
chased their alliance and dependance
by subsidies; but never intruded into
the interior of their affairs, 01 inter-
fered with their self-government, so
far as respected Themselves only.
The general views of Great Brit-
ain, with regard to the Indians, were
detailed bp Mr. Stewart, superinten-
dent of Indian affairs, in a speech de
livered at Mobile,' in the presence of
several persons of distinction, soon
after the peace of 1763. Towards
corn Juolon he ‘'.rniiY, I in-
form you That kt is the King’s order
to all his Governors and subjects to
treat the Indians with justice and hu-
manity, and to forbear all enema- h-
ments on the territories allotted to
them; accordingly all individuals are
prohibited from purchasing any of
your lands; but as you know, that
your white brehtren cannot feed you
you when yon visit them, unless you
give them grounds to plant, it is ex-
pected that you will cede lands to
the King for that purpose. But,
whenever you shall be pleased to
surrender any of your territories tc
his majesty, it must be done, for the
future, at! a public meeting of your
nation, vllen the Governors of the
provinces,! or the surperhitendant
shall be present, and obtain the con-
sent of all-your people. The boun-
daries of tour burning grounds will
be accurately fixed, and no settlement
permitted to be made upon them.—
As you may be assured that all trea-
ties with you will be faithfully kept,
so it is expected that you also,
willhe careful strictly to observe
The proclamation issued by the
King of Great Britain, in 1763, soon
after the ratification of the articles
of peace, forbids the governors of any
of the colonies to grant warrants of
survey; or pass patents upon any lands
whatever, which not having been ce-
ded to, 01 purchased by us (the Kmg)
as aforesaid are reserved to the said
Indians, or any of them.
The proclamation proceeds, “and
we do further declare it to be our
royal will and pleasure, for the pres-
ent, as aforesaid, to reserve, under
our sovereignty, protection, and do-
minion, or the use of the said Indians,
all the i^nds and territories” “lying
to the westward of the sources of the
riversfall into the sea, from
the wosjand northwest as aforesaid;
and we jo hereby strictly forbid, on
pain of (nr displeasure, all our loving
snbjectsifri m making any purchases or
settlemints whatever, or taking po-
ssession if any of the lands above re-
served, without our special leave and’
licence for that purpose first obtain-
5tb. The fifth article regulates the
rade between the contracting parties,
n a manner entirely equal.
6th. The sixth article is entitled
:o peculiar attention, as it contains a
iisclaimer of designs which were, at
hat time, ascribed to the United
States, by their enemies, and from
be imputation of which Congress
was the peculiarly anxious to free the
Government. It is in these words.
‘Whereas ’he enemies of the United
States have endeavored, by every
artifice in their power, to possess the
Indians in general with an opinion that
it is the design of the States aforesaid
to extripate the Indians, and take,
possession of their cbuntiy: To obvi-
ate such false suggestion the United
States do engage to guaranty to the
aforesaid nation of Delawares, and
their heirs, all their territorial rights,
in the fullest and most ample manner,
as it hath been bounded by former-
treaties, as long as the said Delaware
nation shall abide by, and bold fast,
the chain of friendship now entered:
The parties further agree, that
other tribes, friendly to the interest
of the United States, may be invited
to form a State, whereof the Dela-
ware nation shall be the head, and
have a representation in Congress.
This treaty, in its language, and in
its provisions, is formed, as near as
may be, on the model of treaties be-
tween the crowned heads of Eu-
The sixth article shows how Con-
gress then treated the injurious cal-
umny of cherishing designs unfriendly
to the political and civil rights of Hie
Indians.
During the war of the Revolution,
the Cherokees took part with the
British. After its termination, the
United States, though desirous of
peace, did not feel its necessity so
strongly as while the war continued.
Their political situation being chang-
ed, they might very well thirk it
advisable to assume a higher tone,
and to impress on the Cherokees th©,
same respect for congress which
before felt for the King ofGfeat [,
tain. This may ac"vUnt the
ffubage '-■e treaty of Hopewelb
J ■ ./re is the more reason for suppos-
ing that the Cherokee chiefs were
uot very critical judges of the lan-
guage, from the fact that every one
makes bis mark; no chief was capable,
of signing bis name. It is probable*
the treaty was interpreted to.
The treaty is introduced with tbs-
declaration, that “The commissioners-
plenipotentiary of the United States
give peace to all the Cherokees, and
receive them into the favor and pro-
tection of the United States of Ameri-
ca, on the following conditions.”
When the United States gave
peace, did they not also receive it?
Were not both parties desirous, of it?
If we consult the history of the day,
does it not inform us that the United
States weie at least as anxious to ob-
tain it as the Cherokees? We may
ask, further: Did the Cherokees come
to the seat of the American Govern-
ment to solicit peace; or, did the A-
merican commissioners go to them to
obtain it? The treaty was made at
Hopewell, not at New York Ths
then, has no real impor-
tance attached to it.
Tbe first and second articles stipu-
late for the mutual restoration of
prisoners, and are of course equal.
The third article acknowledges tbs
Cherokees to be under tbe protection
of the United States of America, and
of no other Power.
This stipulation is found in Indian
treaties, generally. It was introduc-
ed into their treaties with Great Bri-
tain; and may probably be found in
those with other European Powers;
Its origin may be traced tc the nature
of their connexion with those Powers;
and its true meaning is discerned in
their relative situation.
The general law of European sov-
ereigns, respecting their claims in
America, limited the intercourse of
Indians, in a great degree, to the par-
ticular potentate, whose ultimate
right of domain was acknowledged
by the others. This was the gem ral
state of things in time of peace. It ,
was sometimes changed in war. The
consequence was, that their supplies
were derived chiefly from that nation,
and their trade confined to it. Goods,
indispensable to their comfort, in the
shape of presents, were received
ns was t-o be expected, became an
ohieeft of great solicitude to Congress.
Far from advancing a claim to their
lards or'asserting any right of domin-
ion over . them. Congress resolved,
“’hat the securing and preserving the
fr iendship of the Indian nations, ap-
pears to he a subject of the utmost
moment to these colonies.”
The early journals of Congress ex-
hibit the mist anxious desire to
conciliate the Indian nations. Three
Indian departments were established;
and c< mmisiioners appointed m - ach
“to treat with the ‘.(.mans in their
respect;”" ,.enartments, in the name
and on behalf of the united colonies,
in order to preserve peace and friend-
ship with the said Indians, and to pre-
vent their taking any part in the pres-
ent commotions.”
The most strenuous exertions were
made to procure those supplies on
which Indian friendship was supposed
to depend, & every thing which might
excite hostility was avoided.
1 he first treaty was made with the
Delawares, in September, 1778.
The language of equality in which
it is drawn, evinces the temper with
which the negotiatiation was underta-
ken, and the opinion which then pre-
vailed in the United States.
“1st. That all offences oracts of
hostility, by one or either of the con-
tracting parties against the o'her, be
mutually forgiven, and buried in the
depth of oblivion, never more to be
had in remembrance.
“2d. That a perpetual peace and
friendship shall, from lieiiceforiii,
take place and subsist between the
contracting parties aforesaid, through
all succeeding generations; and if
either of the parties are engaged in a
just and necessary war, with any
other nation or nations, that then each
shall assist the other, in due propor-
tion to their abilities, till their ene-
mies are brought to reasonable terms
of accommodation,” &c.
3d. The third article stipulates,
among other things, a free passage for
the American troops through the
Delaware nation, and engages that
they shall be furnished with provis-
ions and other necessaries at their val-
“4th. For the better security of
tbe peace and friendship now entered
into by the contracting parties against
all infractions of the same by the
citizens of either party, to the pre-
judice of the other, neither party
shall proceed to the infliction of pun-
ishments on the citizens of the other,
otherwise than by securing the offen-
der or offenders, by imprisonment, or
any other competent means, till a fair
and impartial trial can be had by
judges or juries of both parties, as
near as can be to the laws, customs,	... r____
and usages of the contracting parties, j from the Satae hand. What was df
and natural justice, &c.	j	[See secondpttge.]