I DhJlfc .d’tM"'*	hSFoSUoP ;c
independent States/So long as self-
government, sovereign and independ-
ent authority is left tri the adminis-
tration of the State.” At the pres-
ent day, more than one State may be
considered as bolding its right of se<f'
government under the guaranty ana,
and protection of one or more al-
The Cherokee nation, then, is a
sSx'W-.My js^oAsaj w l#
sL’ia'.-t -imuyity, occupying ils
E&,or’Aar AV	e.ii bi.AE iy-
‘ownT^Titory, with boundaries accn-
?,,, seyh craas-S'-'" WVAMi’as DOJ-
rateiy desenoed, in which the laws
j	o“eo«ii fCW ’rv**
of Georgia can have no force, and
•which the citizens of Georgia have
no right io enter, but with the assent
<rfthe Cherokees themselves, or in
’ ^quformity with treaties, and-with
the. acts of Congress. The whole in-
tercourse between the United Slates
and this nation is, by our constitution
and laws, vested in the. Government
■of the United States.
The act of the State of "Georgia,
O’tO-’&Aff-	DB T.JcWy M-
AT»» O-S«	t-.ji.-B viys: t t» »L»y«s
iisiffir sst.o-r’T	Typers ivy dr
TsytT s-v DJ[0 ff'GBO’ Cflf Tkt>O-tdt.SiET
i?A.4«r^.4«.V,< TSTFS33 f*R Dh 4SWLV-
*&vtay'td 80,7.0- .thwey o»r,ocr.4<r
, rfiiCcti.il Do" es-v* sir* ait®zck(V^J f-j ft -
27.	If voit do riot hear reason, she
will surely rap your knuckles.
28.	He that bath a trade hath ah
estate; and he th it li^th a calling
ha'h a pluec of profit an;l honor. A
ploufflvmau on his legs >3 higher than
a gentleman on bl? kuceff
From ihe Journal liimanity.
She again replied1 “how can I do
that myself? 1 have got a muscharn
(a leather rope; it is true, but I can-
not hang him alone.” The R s then
DInat.ft.aRT AZ A&&&E.Q
e*y w .Tseft.'r-.v.i
sye-^xyh o-»to» ,»h>4F**j
OtiSFcSLti D<T fiS-KT LEft-FAA-TRF oT-h-
wAr.iiAJ’ o»a.i«ys
under which the plaintiff m error was
ptosecu ted, is consequently void, and
lhe judgment a nullity. Can this
/court revise and reverse it?
if ilia objection to the system , of
Legislation lately adopted by the Le-
gislature of Georgia in relation to. the
Cherokee nation, was confined to ils
extra territorial opera’ion, the ob-
jection, though complete, so far as it
respected mere right, would give
this court no power over the subject.
T.IG’Vy G0-OJM8V JA.fr DTt.4.5 RSSSRV
T8S<r DJ DTiSBPt" WStRS ‘DJ4 ffS-I
SCPSP^E hSFcSJIoB- lFO.I W-IiftR

^>4FKL0-.
TSFT ©•V’.ayti NLgt<K8 IT: A J
B8 f-h.55-0.T.«T“-
But it goes much further. If the re-
view winch has been taken be cor-
rect and we think it is, the acts
cf Georgia are repugnant to the con-
-stitution, laws, and treaties of the U-
riited States.

e&.r’.e.i twi,t Tcr-yz i,s.icr
:nd?yn Oo®y ThiSf -r^o-.-isr EF.ia.f'o1-
©.tut D	?s&o-i?’T rye-
Specimen ('J a Collegiate 'Btaininctibn.
Professor. V* i.-'i Is a salt box?
Student. Il is a boxtuade to cdu-
p.

d d.boK of
re di'itHic-
8. A sal’ box may:be where there
is no salt, but salt is absolutely ne-
cessary to the existence of a box of
P. Are not salt boxes otherwise
divided?
8. Yes, by a partition.
P What is the use wf this divis-
S To.separate the coarse salt from
the fine.
P. How? think a little.
8. fo separate the fine salt from
to separate the
boxes otherwise distinguished?
8. Yes, into possible, positive, and
relatkon established between, the Uni-
ted States and the Cherokee nation,
the regulation of which, according t >
the settled principles of our constitu-
tion, are committed exclusively to the
Government of the Union.
0-<KT.S.
bout (he house to assist her in hang-
ing the man Io the dur row ti> e oii the
green before the house “God prcseive
you a thousand years,” said (he wo-
man, adding in an under tone, ' his re-
lations utc all here, and they will
not have far to carry his body, as he
belongs to (lie church period.” Ma-
valuable fsfabliffunent. Its location at
the Seat of Government, its extensive sub-
scription list, its complete printing appar-
atus, and its approved Slipyoit from its
origin to the present time of principles
field by the opponents, of the present Ad-
minisfralijn, present to any advocate of
those principles advantages in purchasing;
it, of the most attractive character. Per-
sons‘disposed to purchase are invited td-
make application to William Pxenttss,
Washington City, wife wi.h give any- Air-
thcr inform ation oil the subject that may
be desired.
lias’ stable groom, gild some oilier of
dit’-row t^ce which is easily climbed
iihiK’Ari they helped the no man
best bough to tie it to. Ta<kly, not-
witbstamlipg't the woman had prorn-
Ids trouble, now put the poor object's
they would lift him fi 6m .off the large
stone they had made him Stand ppoti.
Accordingly she did this, and made
heboid him hanging, at the same
the mother of God, who has given me
revenge for my husband? ”

REFORMED
MEDIC AIz.lOi i HN AT.S
PROSPECTUS.
In offering to the public a Prospectus lif
n new pan er, candor requires frem Hie Eli-
it dis, a fair statement of then object, an<f
of the principles, by which they will be-
overuned.
and sciences, gencrgllv, have brought
them to a great state of perfection. Un-
fortunately for mankind, the Science of
medicine has shared a very different fate.
Theories, it is true, have been multiplied
almost without number; but rema lies, o'-
the art of curious diseases, have been al-
most entirely neglected; and a system or
practice pursued, which is Very injurious,
and often fatal to the lives of mankind.--
In proof of this, we need but .advert to the
frequent cases of mortality which daily
occur, produced either by Merctiy, the
Lancet, or the Knife; those, agets, which in
this day, are, so universally employed,’
both in Europe and America, for the res-
treaties, repeated; in succession of
Hears, which mark out the bounda-
-kthat separates the Cherokee coun-
4rV fi .<‘,u Georgia; guaranty to the II
>	’,9 fund within their boundary;
iX-mnly tbe.faithoftlm .Uni-
te 1 Stales f ' “t'sir®111 “Mir citizens
/ -'m trespassing U' >1 ’ ai',i re'co?"ize
■tlto )?)e.e.x1sting?wC.>f.«f,l,e nat,°«
lo govern itself,
They are in equal hoslii»</ tvil.i
the acts o Congress .for reg’l».ai'U>8
th.is i'iiercpurse and giving effectlS
the treaties.
The forcibly seizure and abduction
<offho plaml.lf m c. ror. w ho,was ie
..Siding in the nation, with its pfirmis-
Gipn and by authority of-the Fi-esidSiit
of the United States, is also a viola-

8 AY IN IS FOR FARMERS
By Dr. Pranklin.
I. Sloth like rust consumes faster
- ban labor wears, whilst the used
key is always bright.
s Dost thou love life? Then do not
squander time, for that is the stuff life
is made of.
3 The sleeping fox catches no
P. Define these Several kinds of
salt boxes. ■
8. A possible salt box is a salt box
yet tins old, in the joiner’s bands.
A. Why so?
S. Because it bathTxft become a
salt box having never had any salt in
it; and it may probably be applied to
some other use.
P. very true; for a salt box which
never had, bath not now. and perhaps
ly be termed a possible salt box.—
W’ha is a probable salt box?
8. It is a salt box io the hand of
one going to a shop to bay salt, and
who hath a two pence m his pocket
to. pay the shop keeper,: and a posi-
day, and shall scarce overtake his. bu
sinr.ss at night.
5	Early to bed and early to
Mffkes a man healthy, and wealthy,
6	He that lives upon hope will die
fainting; industry need,not wish
7- There are no gains without
■Cnief Magistrate to exercise this au-
VViil these powerful considerations
.avail the plaintiff in error? VVc
think they will. Ho was seized and
forcibly carried aw.iy while under
the guardianship of treaties guaranty-
ing the country in which he resided,
.ami taking it under the protection of
the United Slates. He was seiz-
: ed while performing, under the sanc-
tion of the Chief Magistrate of the
Uni n, those duties which the humane;
;. policy adopted by Congress had rec-
commended. He was apprehended,
tried, and condemned, under color of
lavy which has been shown to be re-
pugnant to the constitution, laws, .and
Arsa ties of the United States. Had
'"rf judgment,,liable to the same objec-
tions, been rendered for property,
Done would question the jurisdiction
of this court. It cannot be less clear
when the judgment effects personal
-Liberty, and inflicts disgrace III punish
-mrmt jf nupishment. could dis-
grace "when ‘im?>cted on innocence.-
The film ,tiff in error i- less "^erj
k ested in'fbe-cperation of tri.3 uuC“n"
' stitutional law than if it had affected
■ bis property. lie is net less under
' the protection of the co.istitation,
ha s, and treaties, of his cmintry.
It is the opinion of this ci alt that
' the judgment of the ' Superior Court
for the County, of Gwinnett, in the
-•State of Georgia,condeiiiu’mg Samuel
A. Worcester to bard labor in the
.penitentiary of the Stale of Georgia,,
for. four years, was pronounced by
that court under color ■of a law which,
is v iid, as being repugnant to the con-
stitution, arid laws, of the United.
States, and, ought, therefore, lo be
reversed and annulled.

8	At (be working man’s house
hunger looks in. but never enters
9	Plough deep while sluggards'
sleep.
And you shall have corn to sell or
it) 0wto-day is worth two lo-mor-
11.	Ilarule your tools without mit-
tens; as a cat in gloves catches no
12.	He that by the plough would
ally and bonajSffegot salJHn.it.
P. Very good; what oilier division
of salt boxes do you recollect?
8 They are* divided into suqstan-
'iv:- nd pendant. A siib'sftantive salt
b<-x is that which stands'by itself on
the table or dresser, and the pendant
is that which hangs by'b uait against
the wall.
P. What is the idea eff-a salt box.
8. it is that image which the mind
conceives of, a salt box when no salt
is present.
P. What is the abstract idea of a
salt box?
S. It is the idea of a salt box ab-
stracted from the idea of a box; or of
salt, or of a salt box: w; oi a box of
P. Very right by this means you
acquire a most perfect knowledge oi
a salt box; but tell me, is the idea of
| torafioh of health
Therefore, when we reflect on the vast
number of persons annually swept away,
many of whom, it is to be feared, fall vic
ti- s to the ignorance, or the presurrip-
t io tv of practioners, no apo leg/ appeag-
necessary for th<“ introduction vf'a work
designed to effect a change or reformation
,	____ ,1 on tb.e abuses ofni-dicinc. .Wanv indiv^
A cortlmgly she With the help oi
idua-ls have .already united trtmr' tiik nfs.
Tackly took i» from h-s neck. The
l.trganizcd Societies, and esfablistie.J In-
relation immediately came to take up
the body, •'iieh they were allowed
to do; but before they had got ten
yards the dead man set off, without
being carried, and ran to the' Trinity
church-yard, where be was safe, e-
ven though he had killed one thou-
sand persons- The woman seeing this
was enraged, gnd ran to the Ras’
gateway, crying, '■'Jibctlie. Aballef'
She obtained admittance, and told
the Ras that the man had not hung
long enough. The, Ras, who bad al-
ready heard the story, laughed and
said to the woman, ‘‘Would you wish
lo kill the man that God will not per-
mit it to die- He hung long enough
to have killed a cat,” She answer-
ed, ‘ Let me have the man again, and
ter he had hung for some time, the
crond that stood by to look on, ciied
often to her “why woman-helms been
that!” said she. “buttbey shall not
irgan-.zcd Societies, .uni established Ih-
| stitntiohs to improve the healing art, by
’ sseminating a reformed or Vegetable Svsjs
tn of practice;
Further to promote So laudable undim-
practice of Phy<-c and Snig-rv shah tie,
freely an-i fearlessly discussed, examined'
anil illustrated; their deleterious effort^
j><.>inted out, and contrasted tvith the t>r au
In order that the work may fie .generaljy?
interesting ami useful; the fobowing course^
will be pursued;
1. The language shall be, such as fK#>
general reader can understand; divested,-
a possible, of technicalities and profession^-
aar 1832.
- ib-as if AVo-4 a^/tisv
AT<3A C*h Th»^<J.I av
neck.” “You foolish woman,”
and the preseiva'tb-ri oP
aren, whose health is alien destroyed, or'
materially injured through mistaanagetnenK
Himself must either bold or
13.	Th? eye of a master will do
more work than both his hands. Not.
to oversee workmen is lo leave them
your purse open.
14.	A little neglect may breed a
gr. nt	ft-'r .vld.t ->r n nail flic*
shoe tv as lost, for want of a shoe the
horse was lost, and for want of a
horse the rider was lost.
15 A fat kitchen makes a lean
16 If you would bo rich, think of
saving as well as getting.
17.	What maintains one vice would
bring up two children.
18.	Beware of little expenses: a
SIL al I leak will sink a great ship.
jo if you would know the want of
money, go .’’d try tS borrow some:
for he that goe.’a borrowing goes a
sorrowing.
LO. Pride is as loud a beggar as
want, and a great tie AI more sau-
21.	Pride breakfasted with pi\:’>fy,
dined with poverty, and supped with
in f a m v.
22.	Lying rides on debt’s back.
23.	It is-hard for an empty bag to
stand upright. ;
24.	Creditors have belter memo-
ries than debtors
25.	Forage and want save what
yoq, may,
Nd tffoHiing’s sun lasts the whole
26.	Rather go to bed supperless
than rise in debt.
will of Gbd?” Seeing the okl Ras
look grave when he said .this, she be-
lieved that it was God’s that the man
should not die, and her spirit failed
her, as she said iii a very low and
sorrowful tone, “though he is such
an ill-formed creature, I have seen
?im do things that no body else Could
do. The locust never touched the
little corn he hud behind the ho’Js^;,
and though lie used to make t0 i will
lo	smoke them away, r,e could 6 Various kinds of patent mediviiw-s m
not save ours as he ”	gll0 j gent-iai use, and highly extolled, iviii bee
immediately went to ci'^-h and ,'X3roioe<! a?f?. F"1*''’ ,a”'1 ,h"'r ts*
___, }f___•<»» ci-UTvn, ana Or dements laid betore die rearer.
‘ “By timely assistance and simple rp-i
pli.ation, ('ays a medical auffior,) tna-by*
i symptoms which are the forerunn< r 01 • k-
; ease, ami eventually of death, might,lie
palhrted or removed; were mankind -o
I make a point of acquiring a sufficient, po -
tion of medical knowlege, to puahf-. them
lo assist a friend oTneighbir, afffict? ; w>(fi
any any illness; bcsirles the beneni i;o
might render the judicious physician, by
j his aid and co-operation.' How cOnsoi'ng
■ must be the reflection to a bihevoie.it
man, who by a application, has 'foend him-
self frequently enabled to procure re-
turning health to a suffering individu-
iERJ S;—I. '1 hr Refomed Medic-• 
al Journal will be published ffvpamph
let form, on medium sheet of paper, ach.
number Coni am fug sixteen pages, octavo,
"with two co'.ums ro each page- It will be
issued on the first Satui day m each rs.rmth,
and afforded at tin- low price ol one dol-
lar per annum, payable m 'adrimcc, or on
llie receipt ci lbs lirst number ;
II.	Every member of tile Reformed.
Medical Society of.the U nited States, is-
a regular agent for this paper; and is here-
by authorised and requested to act io that
III.	Any pOrkoo who will procure six
subscribers, ami become responsible for
the same, shall be entitled to th- seventh
copy gratis; or if a company of six’ re—
bri< five dollars, a copy will be sent to"
■IV. Editors and publishers of papr*
who will Insert this prospectus a few times,
will be entitled to .the Journal toe one years
without sending tlieirs, except they pre-
V.	Every agent tiiiist. inrorm the edi-
tors; es early as possible, the uuu.b r of
subscribers he lias obtained, and where
end to whom he wishes them sent.
VI.	All letters and communicationa
must be directed to the editors, 9S,pld«-
ndge street; New-York, post paid.
New-Jork, 1832.
4. Strictures on the use o< Meretiry nbdL
°tb>.i- minerals, in the practice. ofTbetii
rxne, v.ill ironi time Io time find a place.
. S. JWeiiical Essays, amt itedmt- <’ the

begged his lorgiv.^.,', alnl t!lty af-
terwards lived g00tj neighbors as u-
sual; indeed, J beard subsequently
that te became her husband.
8. Not unless the ideal box hath
the idea of salt cotiiametYin it.
P. True; and thorefortfau abstract
idea cannot be either s’fit or Iresh,
round or square, tong bi * short: and
this shows the difference between> ,
salt idea and ah idea-of ^alt.—
appitude to hold salt Wfc -.it la I or
an accidental property iffSa|t box?
S. It ts an assentr/r,-out if there
should be- a crack in ths bottom of
the box, the aptitude to spill salt
would, be termed an atcrSental prop-
erty that salt box.
t’. Very well, very well, indeed -
What is the salt called with respect ;
to the box?
8. It i, called its contents.
' P. And why so?.
8. Because the cook’is content,
quoad hoc, to find.plenty vf salt m the
P. You arc veiy right-

Indian Cure J or Rheumatism.—The
Indian fust broke a hole in the ice
sufficiently large to admit US both,
upon which he made a signal that all
From Peace’s Adventures in Abysinia.
The day before Chilieut, a woman
had brought in chains' a poor misera-
ble object whotN she accused ot hav-
ing killed Iter husband; the witness
also arrived from the small village of
Gibha to which they llcdonged.—-
IVfieri the Ras had heard Hjie whole
story and examined Itiri Witness, he
found the man guilty W: murder
though apparently wJtlitit Malice,
bly to the
with him.
fi but my-
and told the woman agree
law to do as she pleased
She replied, “1 have hd—
self; I have no ickitibu, tie liter have
I any spear er knife “
buffallo robe, ! proceeded to the spot,
and throwing off my covering, we
both jumped into the frigid orifice
together. He immediately commenc-
ed rubbing my shoulders, back and
I loins, my hair in the mean time, be-
come ornamented with icicles; .and I
while the lowerjounts were undergo-
ing their friction, toy face, neck, and
shoulders were incased in a thin, cov-
ering of ice. In getting released, 1
rolled a bias ket about me, and ran
back to the bed room, in which I had
previously ordered a good fire, and in
a few minutes I experienced a warm
glow all over my body. Chilling and
disagreeable as these matinal ablu-
tions were, yet, as I found them so
beneficial, I coiitiuued them for twen-
ty-five days, at ths expiration of
which nay physic'an was pleased to say
that no more were necessary, and
that I had done my duty like a wise
Man. I was never after troubled
j with a rheumatic pain-Trav~
les on Columbia Riner.
Tbe Ras

.. THE NA'hdlNAU JOUklYAL.
THE Proprietors iff • the National
Journal, of Washington City; offer
far sale, on ascommodating terms, that
